F t34968 add dp bulk edit header to storybook (#615)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/core/DpBulkEditHeader.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpBulkEditHeader from './DpBulkEditHeader'

<Meta
    title="Components/BulkEditHeader"
    component={DpBulkEditHeader}
/>

# BulkEditHeader

> The BulkEditHeader component allows users to perform bulk editing operations on a set of data or records.
> 
> In a data management system, users often need to edit multiple records simultaneously.
> Instead of editing each record individually, a bulk edit functionality allows users to select multiple records
> and apply changes to specific fields in one go.

Reviewer: These paragraphs can be shortened, and complemented with an explanation of the features of the component:

```suggestion
The BulkEditHeader component allows users to perform bulk editing operations on a set of records. It is typically used in conjunction with `DpDataTable` or a similar component that allows users to select multiple records. Then, actions to be performed on that selection can be placed inside the default slot of `DpBulkEditHeader`.

The component features a visually prominent style and showcases the number of selected items, along with a button to reset the current selection.
```

```html
<div>
  <dp-bulk-edit-header
      v-if="selectedItemsCount.length > 0"
      :selected-items-text="selectedItemsCount.length + ' ' + 'Elements selected'"
      @reset-selection="resetSelection"
      v-bind="args">
    <dp-button
        text="Delete"

>         icon="fa-delete"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        icon="delete"
```

    <button
        class="btn-icns u-m-0"
        type="button"
        @click.prevent="deleteSelection">
      <i class="fa fa-times u-mr-0_125" />
      Delete

>     </button>

Reviewer: - Can you use `DpButton` in the example?
- The `fa-times` icon should not be used for destructive actions (see the Storybook pawge for DpIcon), please use the `icon` prop of `DpButton` with the correct icon

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/615/commits/eab8db3c048044e96042470da14f70d37f88c82b

Reviewer: - see comment in DpButton
- please also use DpButton here

  </dp-bulk-edit-header>
  <input
      type="checkbox"

>       @click="toggleSelectAll"> Select all

Reviewer: Even if, or better, just because this is an example, we should deploy accessibility best practices here and use the `label` element.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/615/commits/627fc1d2bf10ff7a9610d1976a2a4c74cc3003d9

  <div
      class="u-mt-0_5"
      v-for="item in args.options"
      :key="item.id">
    <input
        :id="item.id"
        v-model="item.checked"
        :checked="!item.checked === false"
        type="checkbox"/>

>     {{ item.label }}

Reviewer: see other comment (accessibility/label).

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/615/commits/627fc1d2bf10ff7a9610d1976a2a4c74cc3003d9
